Changing the Payload
Continuing the analysis of our C exploit,
we notice that the shellcode variable
seems to hold the payload.
Since it is stored as hex bytes,
we can not easily determine its purpose.
The only hint given by the author
refers to a NOP slide that is
part of the shellcode variable:
Since we have already determined
the bad characters
from our research in the previous exploit,
we can generate our own
payload with msfvenom:
We’ll copy this shellcode to the
clipboard and replace it in our exploit.
Let’s compile the exploit code
using mingw-64
to see if it generates any errors:
Now that we have an updated,
clean-compiling exploit,
we can test it out.
With our debugger still attached to the
SyncBreeze service on our
sandboxed test target
we set a breakpoint at the
memory address of our JMP ESP instruction,
Once our breakpoint has been
set in the debugger,
we can let the application run normally
and attempt to execute our
exploit from Kali Linux.
Before we try running our exploit,
we’ll set up a netcat listener
to catch the shell.
Because this binary is cross-compiled
to run on Windows,
we can’t simply run it from our
Kali Linux machine.
In order to run this Windows binary,
we will use wine
The exploit appears to have run correctly
but we haven’t received
a shell on our listener.
Surprisingly, we do not hit
our breakpoint at all.
Instead, the application crashed
and the EIP register seems to be
overwritten by 9010090c.
By analyzing both the value stored in EIP
and the buffer sent
to the target application,
we notice that our offset to overwrite
the return address on the stack
seems to be one byte off.
The wrong offset forces the execution
flow to be redirected to a different
memory address than that
of our return address.
Let’s restart Sync Breeze before
we continue with our investigation.
We can do this via the
service managment console.
Now let’s return to Kali and
see if we can fix our exploit.